README.md, before:

# Pikaday Gem
[![Gem Version](https://badge.fury.io/rb/pikaday-gem.png)](http://badge.fury.io/rb/pikaday-gem) [![Dependency Status](https://gemnasium.com/ets-berkeley-edu/pikaday-gem.png)](https://gemnasium.com/ets-berkeley-edu/pikaday-gem) [![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/ets-berkeley-edu/pikaday-gem.png)](https://codeclimate.com/github/ets-berkeley-edu/pikaday-gem)

[Pikaday datepicker][pikaday] as a Ruby gem.

## Getting Started

Add the gem to your Gemfile:

```ruby
gem "pikaday-gem"
```

And run

```bash
bundle install
```
in the terminal to download the resources.

### Adding the files to your projects

In order for the files to load, you'll need to do add them.

`application.js`:

```javascript
//= require pikaday
```

`application.css`:

```css
*= require pikaday
```

and you should be good to go.

## Updating this plug-in

If you would like to update this gem you should take the following steps:

1. `rake download VERSION=X.X.X`. If you don't specify the version, it will get the latest one.
1. `rake tag VERSION=X.X.X` will tag the version you've specified as the standard version.
1. Make a Pull request

Then the maintainer of the gem will need to do the following steps:

1. Update the version [lib/pikaday-gem/version.rb](lib/pikaday-gem/version.rb)
1. Run ``gem build pikaday-gem.gemspec`` to package the gem
1. Once satisfied, push the gem up to RubyGems.org with ``gem push pikaday-gem-<VERSION>.gem``
1. Update [the changelog](CHANGELOG.md)

[pikaday]: https://github.com/dbushell/Pikaday

Commit message:

CLC-5012 - pikaday-gem
https://jira.ets.berkeley.edu/jira/browse/CLC-5012

README.md, after:

# [Deprecated/Unsupported] Pikaday Gem
[![Gem Version](https://badge.fury.io/rb/pikaday-gem.png)](http://badge.fury.io/rb/pikaday-gem) [![Dependency Status](https://gemnasium.com/ets-berkeley-edu/pikaday-gem.png)](https://gemnasium.com/ets-berkeley-edu/pikaday-gem) [![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/ets-berkeley-edu/pikaday-gem.png)](https://codeclimate.com/github/ets-berkeley-edu/pikaday-gem)

[Pikaday datepicker][pikaday] as a Ruby gem.

**03/25/2015 - Unsupported: Due to the ETS Berkeley team now using [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) for front-end dependencies, this gem is no longer supported.**

## Getting Started

Add the gem to your Gemfile:

```ruby
gem "pikaday-gem"
```

And run

```bash
bundle install
```
in the terminal to download the resources.

### Adding the files to your projects

In order for the files to load, you'll need to do add them.

`application.js`:

```javascript
//= require pikaday
```

`application.css`:

```css
*= require pikaday
```

and you should be good to go.

## Updating this plug-in

If you would like to update this gem you should take the following steps:

1. `rake download VERSION=X.X.X`. If you don't specify the version, it will get the latest one.
1. `rake tag VERSION=X.X.X` will tag the version you've specified as the standard version.
1. Make a Pull request

Then the maintainer of the gem will need to do the following steps:

1. Update the version [lib/pikaday-gem/version.rb](lib/pikaday-gem/version.rb)
1. Run ``gem build pikaday-gem.gemspec`` to package the gem
1. Once satisfied, push the gem up to RubyGems.org with ``gem push pikaday-gem-<VERSION>.gem``
1. Update [the changelog](CHANGELOG.md)

[pikaday]: https://github.com/dbushell/Pikaday
